README.md, before:

# Mathematical-string-parser-C++
It is a simple string parser for simple math equation to give single value as output, e.g. 5x+3

This parser is purely written in C++ with having no 3rd party library. 

It takes input(equations) in the form of String and give single output value. 

# Example:
         Input is y = "12.2+2-1"                                                                                               
         Output is = 13.2                                                                                                              trigonometric function e.g.  sin(sin(2x+1))
         
# Supported operators: +, -, *, /, ^, (,) 

# Supported functions: 
Trigonometric functions: sin, cos, tan, csc, sec, cot, asin, acos, atan, acsc, asec, acot sinh, cosh, tanh, csch, sech, coth
                     
# Attention:
There is no exception is used so it might throw error with infinite value, give exception yourself if anyone want 

# Conclusion: 
This is a great start for anyone who would like to create a string parser for Mathematical equations. And i will be creating another Repository explaining how to use this parser by creating a simple Graph plotting Calculator program shortly.

Commit message:

gave the uses of code

README.md, after:

# Mathematical-string-parser-C++
It is a simple string parser for simple math equation to give single value as output, e.g. 5x+3

This parser is purely written in C++ with having no 3rd party library. 

It takes input(equations) in the form of String and give single output value. 

# Example:
         Input is y = "12.2+2-1"                                                                                               
         Output is = 13.2                                                                                                              trigonometric function e.g.  sin(sin(2x+1))
         
# Supported operators: +, -, *, /, ^, (,) 

# Supported functions: 
Trigonometric functions: sin, cos, tan, csc, sec, cot, asin, acos, atan, acsc, asec, acot sinh, cosh, tanh, csch, sech, coth

# How to use in your code:
###      Include the header file in main program
###      ``` #include <msp.h> ```

###      Create an object of msp class with the equation string as parameter
###      ``` msp equation("sin(x)+5"); ```

###      Get the value by calling returnYvalue() function, this function returns a double and takes x value as parameter
###      ``` double result = equation.returnYvalue(1); ```
       
                     
# Attention:
There is no exception is used so it might throw error with infinite value, give exception yourself if anyone want 

# Conclusion: 
This is a great start for anyone who would like to create a string parser for Mathematical equations. And i will be creating another Repository explaining how to use this parser by creating a simple Graph plotting Calculator program shortly.
